DIRECTION CONCEPT SEED (key: 7872f499; mode: operate; source: api; approved pool: c3b204a1eed6; 306/564 human-approved; rerun with --scope direction --mode operate --from 7872f499 --candidate-count 7 to reproduce this roll against this catalog revision)
ASSIGNED INDEX: 6
  After ordering the grounded directions by resonance, build candidate
  6 of your own grounded list; the assignment never points at a
  challenger. The assignment is the roll, not a suggestion: your top-ranked
  direction is what every run would ship, so the script decides which grounded
  direction gets built. Each direction joins a durable visual system to a
  concrete expression for the requested first surface, decided as one. It must
  survive the current task plus navigation, quiet and dense content,
  interaction and state, and a substantially different future surface. In an
  attended run, present the assigned direction fully committed and offer
  re-roll. You may add ONE card for your top-ranked grounded candidate when
  it is not the assigned direction, kicker IMPECCABLE’S PICK, with an honest risk line
  naming its familiarity; one pick card, never a ranked lineup, and the pick
  never takes the lead position. When the assignment IS your top candidate,
  there is no pick card. Re-roll yourself only
  on named factual grounds, when the assignment cannot carry the product's
  truth or task; taste is never grounds.
  The assignment exists to refuse the model's ranking rut, never to outrank
  the user or the brief. Never expose assignment metadata in user-facing labels.
CHALLENGERS:
  1. a design annual's plate section on uncoated near-white stock, where registration crosshairs mark every plate corner, a letterpressed circular attribution stamp sits half off the image, hairline rules divide the credits row, and one grotesque carries display and caption alike
     SOURCE ID: design-annual-s-plate-section
     CREATIVE SPARK: The sheet is almost white but never neutral: it drifts warm at one corner and green at another, so the ink reads as printed rather than rendered. Everything else is registration furniture — crosses, dots, hairlines — and a single periwinkle stamp to prove a human signed it.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: ground #F5F4F6, drifting to #FAF6F5 and #EEF3EF at edges; ink #16181A never pure black; single accent seal #DCDDF3; hairlines #C9C7C4 1px; photography untinted.
       - Type/composition: one grotesque throughout — 400 weight, 92px display at -0.02em, 17px body; labels 11px mono uppercase at 0.14em; 12-col grid, 40px gutters, no italics.
       - Topology/navigation: one continuous sheet; 72px sticky bar of mono tokens; crosshair plus marks register plate corners; 8px dot matrix fills voids; hairlines split the 4-up row.
       - Controls/state: primary is a filled #16181A rect, 0 radius, mono caps 0.12em; secondary a 1px outline rect; nav arrows 44px circles; background inverts 0.1s ease.
       - Responsive/motion: stamp's text ring turns 25s linear infinite and lifts 4px on hover 0.6s cubic-bezier(.19,1,.22,1); tiles step one column at that curve; no parallax.
     WEB LEVERAGE: Sticky mono token bar, SVG textPath stamp on infinite linear rotation, pointer-local dot-matrix fades, and a whole grid built from 1px hairlines and CSS crosshairs.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/design-annual-s-plate-section.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/design-annual-s-plate-section-hero.webp
  2. a mixtape's hand-lettered j-card, spine title, folded flap, and side a / side b tracklists ruled in ballpoint, timed to fill exactly forty-five minutes a side
     SOURCE ID: vernacular-ephemera-cassette-j-card
     CREATIVE SPARK: Someone timed every song with a wristwatch so side a ends clean at forty-four minutes, then inked the tracklist twice because the first pen smeared.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: ballpoint blue on white lined inlay stock, pencil gray for tentative tracks, the brand stripe's TDK red or Maxell gold as the only printed accent
       - Type/composition: handwritten block caps ruled by the inlay's printed lines, side a and side b as underlined heads, running times right-aligned tight against the margin
       - Topology/navigation: the spine is the shelf identity, the front flap the cover, the inner fold the full listing; everything lives in one folded sheet you rotate
       - Controls/state: side a and side b are hard halves with a physical flip between them; each track carries a running time, and the sides must not overflow the tape
       - Responsive/motion: the card unfolds flat on wide screens and refolds to spine-only in a list; flipping sides is a y-axis turn, or an instant swap under
     WEB LEVERAGE: the audio element drives a real-time position marker down the inked tracklist, flipping sides at the tape's midpoint
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/vernacular-ephemera-cassette-j-card.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/vernacular-ephemera-cassette-j-card-hero.webp
  3. a reference-setting page drawn by a ruling engine, two short-measure text columns twinned around a fixed centre rail of keys, the whole block held small inside a wide annotation margin where the apparatus hangs and overlaps the block's edge
     SOURCE ID: rw-centre-rail-reference-setting
     CREATIVE SPARK: A wide-margin edition open under a lamp: two dense columns of small roman, a hairline channel of vermilion letter-keys running down between them, and four inches of bare paper all around where a previous reader has ruled one note and bracketed it back into the line it belongs to.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: iron-black ink and one rubric vermilion on unbleached bone, three values only. A ruling engine draws every rule, bracket and detent at one device pixel.
       - Type/composition: Brevier body is Miller Text 17 to 19px on 1.5 leading, two columns of 34 to 40 characters round a 6 to 9 character rail. Pearl 11px small caps sets apparatus.
       - Topology/navigation: the centre rail is the one moving part, carrying keys and square detents cut wherever the flow changes footing. Global nav is a keyed list in the margin.
       - Controls/state: states are printed marks. A detent is hairline at rest, filled pressed, run through when disabled, bracketed on focus; spent is a struck bar. No radius anywhere.
       - Responsive/motion: the block holds its measure and the annotation margin absorbs width; under two columns the rail goes outboard. Motion is a damped single axis, no overshoot.
     WEB LEVERAGE: The ruling engine is real: a canvas or SVG layer reads live layout boxes and draws every hairline, detent and bracket at one device pixel, re-solving on resize and zoom. The lift relocates in-flow when the margin cannot hold it.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/rw-centre-rail-reference-setting.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/rw-centre-rail-reference-setting-hero.webp
  4. an orienteering map and legend, iso-standard colors where white means runnable forest, contours rule the truth, and the course rides in purple over everything
     SOURCE ID: notation-diagram-systems-orienteering-map
     CREATIVE SPARK: Thumb on the map and breath ragged, a runner in wet birch forest gambles on the marsh crossing because two contour lines pinch, and the purple line does not care how.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: isom inks, white runnable forest, olive thicket, yellow open land, brown contours, blue marsh, course purple reserved for the active leg
       - Type/composition: condensed sans control numerals in purple beside their circles, the legend a ranked symbol table, contour line texture is the page's ground
       - Topology/navigation: terrain is a fixed color language beneath and the numbered purple course rides above, you travel control to control choosing your own route
       - Controls/state: each control pairs a circle on the map with a coded description row, punched controls check off, the course layer never edits the terrain
       - Responsive/motion: the map keeps metric scale and clips to a window around your current leg; panning follows the compass bearing
     WEB LEVERAGE: Geolocation tracks your position over the fixed-scale map with the course as an SVG overlay layer.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-orienteering-map.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/notation-diagram-systems-orienteering-map-hero.webp
  5. a character goods catalog page, a cast of rounded mascots ranked by popularity across a pastel grid, each with a name plate, a birthday, and a one-line personality note printed beneath its portrait
     SOURCE ID: pop-culture-shelf-character-goods-catalog
     CREATIVE SPARK: forty-eight rounded characters ranked by how much people like them, each with a birthday and one line about what they enjoy, and one of them is a lump of butter.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: soft pastel grounds with a white keyline around every mascot, flat fills, and one saturated ribbon color per character
       - Type/composition: a rounded bubble face for name plates, mascots ranked in a grid, and a birthday with a one-line note ruled beneath each
       - Topology/navigation: the roster is ranked and finite, so navigation moves between characters and their fixed personal furniture
       - Controls/state: controls are mascot cells, the active one takes its ribbon color, and retired characters print in grayscale
       - Responsive/motion: the roster reflows in whole cells, and motion is a small bounce as a character takes focus
     WEB LEVERAGE: a whole-cell responsive roster, ranked ordering as live state, and a bounce animation on focus
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-character-goods-catalog.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/pop-culture-shelf-character-goods-catalog-hero.webp
  6. a rail concourse split-flap board at rush hour, where cascading letter flaps, platform columns, and departure rhythm hold a thousand travelers in one gaze
     SOURCE ID: signals-instruments-split-flap-concourse
     CREATIVE SPARK: A ripple of clacks runs the board, Milan becomes Marseille, and every head in the concourse lifts at the same half-second.
     SYSTEM GRAMMAR:
       - Palette/material: matte black flap faces with white paint letters, brushed steel board frame as ground, amber row lamps for delay; cancelled rows drop to dim red type
       - Type/composition: one condensed white sans on every flap, characters in fixed cells, destinations in caps; the board's ruled rows and columns are the entire composition
       - Topology/navigation: rows are live entities ranked by time; columns never move, only their flaps.
       - Controls/state: changes cascade character by character; delayed and cancelled states restyle the row without breaking the grid.
       - Responsive/motion: the board narrows column priority on phones; the cascade collapses to a single update under
     WEB LEVERAGE: WebSocket-fed rows animate per-character flips while remaining a semantic, sortable table underneath.
     QUALITY BAR: board https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-split-flap-concourse.webp · hero https://impeccable.style/worlds/cards/signals-instruments-split-flap-concourse-hero.webp
Fuse each challenger before judging it: the challenger supplies the form
  and its system grammar, the product supplies every fact, and clarity wins
  conflicts. Weigh the fused result against the assigned direction on exactly
  two axes, audience identification and product clarity. Losing to strong
  grounded material is a valid outcome; beating a thin or tool-monoculture
  list is the point. A fused challenger that wins both axes becomes the build.
  Close the weighing with a verdict per challenger, decided before any
  borrowing is considered: wins (beats the assigned direction on both axes),
  competitive (holds one axis), or declined (loses both). A declined
  challenger is not spent: name the one discipline of its system the assigned
  direction lacks, and raise the assigned direction to match before
  presenting it. A donation transfers ambition and system discipline, never
  the challenger's clothes; one world owns the page. Write each raise as its
  own named line on the presented direction, and carry every verdict, kept
  line, and raise into the decision page payload.
When you can view images, open the QUALITY BAR board and hero for any
challenger you weigh seriously and for the world you build. They exist as a
craft bar, the finish level and commitment the build is expected to reach,
never as a mockup to copy; your surface serves this product, not that render.
PRODUCT.md and explicit incumbent brand commitments constrain every direction.
The seed never chooses exact colors, fonts, tokens, or a user preference, and
it never permits the world and first surface to be selected independently.
The CREATIVE SPARK is a complete visual system, not a theme or decorative
reference. Translate every supplied system rule into the product: palette and
material, type and composition, topology, controls and states, and adaptation.
Keep the source's visible character, scale, rhythm, and interaction instead of
reducing vivid grammar to generic nouns. When the source is already a credible
interface language, a Persuade or Experience surface may commit to it across
navigation, content, controls, and states; an Operate or Read surface takes its
type, density, palette, material accents, and one signature move, and keeps the
platform's standard navigation and controls. Otherwise keep a literal carrier only when it becomes functional.
Ambitious motion, spatial media, or interaction is welcome when it strengthens
the product without weakening semantics, performance, or fallback behavior.
TELEMETRY: after the user's choice resolves, rerun this script once with
  --kind <assigned|pick|challenger|canon> --from 7872f499 --scope direction --mode operate,
  adding --chosen <challenger-id> when a dealt challenger won and keeping
  --register <safer|bolder> when the resolved round came from a steered hand.
  One ping per resolved attended round. The ping is anonymous, the card kind
  plus the catalog id when one won; your grounded candidates' names never
  leave the machine, and the ping is skipped automatically when DO_NOT_TRACK
  or IMPECCABLE_NO_TELEMETRY is set.
A user- or brief-pinned decision beats the roll, always.
ASSIGNED INDEX (restated for truncated readers): 6. Build candidate
6 of your own grounded list; seed key 7872f499.
